wesnoth-1.8 (1:1.8.3-4) unstable; urgency=low

    This version now finally brings the unversioned wesnoth and wesnoth-core
    packages to ease upgrades. With the wesnoth package installed one will
    be upgraded to the next stable branch of wesnoth when that gets released.
    You can keep the wesnoth-1.8 package around at that time to continue
    playing your old started campaigns.

    Same with the wesnoth-core package. This will always keeps you up to date
    with the core binaries and allows you to hand-select the campaigns you
    want to play or can be used for multiplayer games without further
    disturbance.

    Please note that the old binaries get renamed for the benefit of setting
    up an alternative system, so the old wesnoth version (if you still have it
    installed) is called "wesnoth-old".

 -- Gerfried Fuchs <rhonda@debian.at>  Wed, 18 Aug 2010 22:31:11 +0200

wesnoth (1:1.6-1) unstable; urgency=low

    Please be aware what a new stable upstream release of wesnoth means for
    your save games: You won't be able to continue playing from them. The
    reasons for those are several, not limited to these two bigger points:
    - Most of all, balancing changes: Units might have different
      characteristics and thus fights would end differently, or your units
      could move to places they have never seen before (and weren't meant to).
    - Most obvious, changes in the campaigns themself. A unit you kept from a
      former scenario might not be in the campaign anymore, or a whole
      scenario might have been added or removed somewhere in between. Map
      changes also affect multiplayer games.

    Again: You won't be able to continue playing your old save games from
    older stable releases (e.g. 1.4.x). Further updates to 1.6.x will though
    be compatible with this version.

 -- Gerfried Fuchs <rhonda@debian.at>  Wed, 18 Mar 2009 17:27:36 +0100

wesnoth (1:1.5.5-1) experimental; urgency=low

    The meaning of the wesnoth package has changed: It is now the old
    wesnoth-all package that pulls in all the campaigns. If you don't want
    that and didn't use wesnoth-all before please switch to using the
    wesnoth-core package. The switch was done to reduce the confusion of users
    who wonder about where the campaigns are.

 -- Gerfried Fuchs <rhonda@debian.at>  Mon, 06 Oct 2008 00:17:43 +0200

wesnoth (1:1.4-1) unstable; urgency=low

    Please be aware what a new stable upstream release of wesnoth means for
    your save games: You won't be able to continue playing from them. The
    reasons for those are several, not limited to these two bigger points:
    - Most of all, balancing changes: Units might have different
      characteristics and thus fights would end differently.
    - Most obvious, changes in the campaigns themself. A unit you kept from a
      former scenario might not be in the campaign anymore, or a whole
      scenario might have been added or removed somewhere in between. Map
      changes also affect multiplayer games.

    Again: You won't be able to continue from your old save games with a new
    stable upstream release like it happened with this update from the former
    stable release 1.2 to this new one 1.4.

 -- Gerfried Fuchs <rhonda@debian.at>  Wed, 02 Apr 2008 16:14:20 +0200
